Feature/descw 981 kustomize openshift vault (#39)
bcgov/wordpress: deployments/kustomize/README.md

namespace: 123456-tools
```

### Deploying images and WordPress deployment using overlays
* Login to OpenShift via the `oc` command line.
* Deploy your images to OpenShift ```oc apply -k my-image-deploy``` 
  * Deploying the images, will **not** trigger a build, this has to be done manually in OpenShift.

## OpenShift Deployment With OpenShift Secrets
* Create Kustomization.yaml file for example my-wordpress-deploy/kustomization.yaml
  * Update your namespace with your license plate, and env you to deploy (dev|test|prod)
  * Update your images to point to your tools repo with your license plate.
* Add your patch file my-wordpress-deploy/patch.yaml

>   * include the route with the update host url

Reviewer: Maybe this is clearer if you know more about OpenShift than I do but I'm not sure what the update host url is.

- patch.yaml
```

### Sample WordPress Deploy overlay Patch file.
```yaml
# my-wordpress-deploy/patch.yaml
apiVersion: route.openshift.io/v1
kind: Route
metadata:
  name: wordpress-nginx
  annotations:
     haproxy.router.openshift.io/ip_whitelist: >-

>       # Add all ip's to whitelist, to only allow certain ip ranges, ie Only ally if on VPN.

Reviewer: "ally" should be "allow" I assume.

>       # Add all ip's to whitelist, to only allow certain ip ranges, ie Only ally if on VPN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Add all IPs to whitelist to only allow certain IP ranges, i.e. only allow if on VPN.
```
